Okay, you go and get help, I'll wait for you here.
It's okay, you go and listen to the meal first.
OK, this is Li Feng, Xi Jinzuo’s business plan.
How dare he fight against Chengnan Tonghu District's idea.
I'm going to attend the tender meeting next month.
Chengnan Tonghu District Xiangmeng renovation.
The left district has at least 2 billion in funds.
At present, we are developing a full range of markets for the Electric Wind Group,
Battle for battle.
I believe that Liangfeng’s cash flow will be wiped out soon.
This is Sou Shangmen's pair
We have white money in our hands
It can be caused by very bad force
The Terrorist Bureau's project was back then
Let zero points go to waste
Peng Hu Bureau felt that it had been abandoned long ago and could not run away.
It’s hard to see any gains in three to five years
What are we doing here?
Since Ling Feng wants him to go, yes
Lao Zhou, you have no supervision
Who wants Ling Feng to take over this project?
Lingfeng Group’s financial strength
than will conclude
Even if there is anything to help him
God's own capital weekly seeding
It will also cause problems
Right, right, right
This is what we use
Zhongqielike and what kind of shoes